{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww12000\viewh13500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Instructions
\f1\b0 \
The images are on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://%5C%5C%5C%5Cnas.uic.umn.edu"}}{\fldrslt \\\\nas.uic.umn.edu}}, in the folder "User data goes Here"/Jacob S or Doa/Jacob's stuff. The username for this server is "user" and the password is "transfer". all of the image names start with "Well\{letter\}\{number\}\
1.) Dowload plugin from github.com/jacobsolinsky/HaralickFeaturesInterative using "Clone or Download" > "Download ZIP"\
2.) Unzip plugin into the "Fiji.app/jars/" folder.\
3.) Open Fiji. \
4.) Click "Plugins > Macros > Install"\
5.) Navigate to "Fiji.app/jars/HaralickFeaturesInteractive/MacroInit.ijm" and install it\
6.) Open the image you want to analyze\
7.) Press "s". Enter cardiomyocyte and nucleus channel numbers\
8.) Circle a cardiomyocyte. Press "c". Look at the output graph. If it is wavy and the black diagonal box shown aligns with one of the waves, approve it. \
If there is an obvious wave pattern but the black box is not aligned with it, press \'93r\'94 to change the estimated sarcomere length the plugin uses to fit the box. Type in a value that matches where the peak of the first wave appears to be to you. At startup, the plugin uses a value of 1.5 microns.\
If this still doesn\'92t work or there is no obvious wave pattern, reject it. It is most important that the upper-right hand corner of the box lines up with the peak of the wave both horizontally and vertically. For the lower left-hand corner it only matters that it is lined up with the lower wave horizontally, not vertically(the box should go down to the depth of the trough of the wave but it doesn't matter if the left-right position of the lower left corner is precise.)\
9.) \
9.) Circle a nucleus. Press "n". Circle the next nucleus in the cardiomyocyte (if present) until you have circled all nucles.\
10.) Continue repeating steps 8 and 9 until finished.\
11.) Save both the results files as "well\{letter\}\{number\}cardiomyocytes.csv" and "well\{letter\}\{number\}nuclei.csv".\
}